# Open Class Website
  This is the class website for Mr. Rice's Engineering Class. Individual student pages and group project pages will be hosted from here.

The class officially titled "<a href='http://www.mayfieldschools.org/Downloads/Course%20Catalog%20-%202015-2016.pdf'>
Explorations in Engineering</a>" in the Mayfield course handbook is constantly under development. This website will serve as a hub to see where all of this content comes together for each of the different students that are enrolled in the course. Things will likely change year-to-year, and each individual student's journey will be unique. Here we can share that work for all to see and to maintain for future learners.

Any Fab Educator who is intersting in following or aiding in this project is certainly welcome to contact me and join the 'Fab Educators' team and this project. The course is primarily inspired by Corey Rice's experience in the 2017 Fab Academy. Those skills are being translated here into a high school level class that works towards the same end goal: equipping a person with the digital fabrication skills they will need in a modern world. 

What is posted here is also being run in conjunction with a Google Classroom, as that is the incumbent Learning Management System adopted by the Mayfield City Schools. At present, this Google Classroom cannot be shared outside of the Mayfield City Schools Staff. At some future date (time permitting) the assignments contained therein will be shared and ligned to the content on this website. Also, the begining content [units 1-3] of this website will need to be added at a later time, since this project website started after these units.